so we start this hour in the occupied
West Bank where at least three
Palestinians have been killed by Israeli
troops inside a hospital in Janine so
this is believed to be the moment when
Israeli Special Forces dressed as
doctors and nurses raided the main
buildings in the ibben hospital the
Israeli military infiltrated the city
during the night Sirens have been
sounded in Janine now in expectation of
more raids Charles Stratford is in rala
Charles so we we have this footage now
the CCTV footage run us through what
happened well we've been speaking to
hospital staff there at the IB Cena
medical facility Engineering in the
northern occupied West Bank they're
telling us that in the early hours of
the morning two civilian Vehicles
arrived at the hospital entrance and
those soldiers that you see in that what
we understand is CCTV footage Israeli
soldiers disguised as medical staff and
seemingly civilians as well um heavily
armed came into the hospital obviously
on a on a hunt uh hunting for for
particular individuals we understand
being treated inside the hospital the
staff say that at least one of the
members um of the three men that were
killed being were being treated for
injuries that had been incurred a couple
of months ago during um a previous
Israeli Army raid um the the the the
video footage is is harrowing we see
members of of this group one actually
carrying a wheelchair another carrying
what seems to be supposed to be a even a
baby in some sort of cart um carrying
their rifles pointing at members of
Staff as they come through the hospital
corridors hunting for these members of
the Armed resistance now there has been
a statement put out by the the Janine
Battalion now this is or the Janine
Brigade this comprises of various
different groups of the Armed resistants
including Hamas and Islamic Jihad
they're saying that Muhammad wed jalum
was a commander in Hamas 27 years old
they're saying that Basel aan alazawi
was also a commander we understand in
Islamic Jihad um and Muhammad aan
ghazawi was uh was at was another
Commander we also understand in Islamic
Jihad now this is the first time since
October the 7th that we have seen such a
thing happen we've seen the Israeli Army
pretty much um every night um are very
concerned about Fighters um hiding in
these hospitals and we've seen them
these hospitals uh be surrounded on a
number of occasions also come under
attack we visited a hospital in Janine
only about a month ago speaking to St
there they showed us video footage of
tear gas being fired inside these
hospitals as the Israeli Army tried to
prevent Medics and patients getting
inside these medical facilities but of
course this is a civilian Medical
Institution and there are many people
inside this Hospital who are being
treated for illnesses um and injuries
that have been incurred during these
nightly raids now the Israeli Army has
put a statement out um I'll just read it
to you some of the things they've said
they've said that a Hamas terrorist cell
that was inside the iena hospital in
Janine had planned to carry out a terror
attack in the immediate period had been
neutralized it goes on to say that uh
Muhammad jalam one of those killed 27y
Old had contacts according to this
statement with Hamas what it describes
as headquarters abroad it's unclear as
to what it's referring to there he uh
the statement says that jalum had
transferred weapons and ammunition to
what it describes as terrorists in order
to promote the shooting attacks and
planned a raid inspired by the October
the sth Hamas attacks inside Israel and
it goes on to condemn um what it
describes as terrorists of using
civilian um institutions and Facilities
as uh as Shields to to avoid obviously
being arrested of course janin has been
targeted time and time and time again
over the last four months many people
inside Jinan killed thousands
potentially up to thousands arrested
inside the city but it shows you the
determination now and the Brazen Focus
if you like of what seemed to be Israeli
Special Forces in carrying out their
mission determined now to to to to find
these commanders of the Armed resistance
and to take them out but can one can
only imagine how terrified the other
patients and the hospital staff inside
that hospital as this raid happened
there has been a statement by the
Palestinian Authority as well the
Palestinian Health Ministry um and that
statement I'll read you that it says we
call on the United Nations and
international institutions to provide
protection for treatment um and
ambulance centers immediately um so yeah
uh this is a very worrying development
because of course there are hospitals um
treating wounded right the way across
the uh the occupied West Bank um as
these raids these nightly raids continue
these three latest deaths mean now that
uh
382 Palestinians have been killed since
October the 7th in these nightly and
sometimes daily Israeli Army attacks
right the way across the occupied
territories here and and Charles can I
just get you to repeat who was killed
according to uh on the one hand the
armed groups in Janine and on the other
hand the IDE F the IDF saying they
targeted a Hamas Terror cell uh the
Janine Brigade saying it was at least
two of them were Islamic
Jihad that's according to our
understanding yes at least two of the
killed according to the Janine brigades
were members of Islamic Jihad and there
was one Hamas Commander killed the
Israelis are putting special focus on
this man Muhammad jalam who they say was
a a Hamas Commander 27 years old who who
they accuse of of potentially planning
an attack um inspired by the October the
7th attacks but it's important to
recognize that um this this group known
as the Janine Brigade they are comprised
of various different armed resistance
groups including Islamic Jihad including
Hamas including including others um but
as I say um at least one of those three
killed was being treated for injuries
that had been occurred uh suffered
during a previous raid around two months
ago and it seems as if two other members
of the Armed resistance groups were were
with him when this attack happened
indeed the staff say that um the the two
other men were were literally sitting at
his bedside as these uh these Special
Forces seemingly Special Forces
disguised came into the ward and and
shot all three dead Charles statford
reporting from romala in the occupied
West Bank thank you very much